Adding a note about NSB dependency (#33)
Particular/NServiceBus.Serializers.CompatTests: README.md

The tests are triggered by:
* A weekly schedule
* Whenever a new (latest) package of `NServiceBus` or `NServiceBus.Newtonsoft.Json` has been pushed to the company's myget feed.

## Dependencies

> The test projects reference diffenret Major.Minor versions of NServicebus. In those projects version of NServiceBus should not be updated. The following [command was used](https://github.com/Particular/NServiceBus.Serializers.CompatTests/pull/23#issuecomment-797354551) to make dependabot ignore NServiceBus updates in this repository. If it proves to be inefficient dependabot could be disabled as in [the following PR](https://github.com/Particular/NServiceBus.Serializers.CompatTests/pull/32)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test projects reference different Major.Minor versions of NServicebus. In those projects, NServiceBus packages should not be updated. The following [command was used](https://github.com/Particular/NServiceBus.Serializers.CompatTests/pull/23#issuecomment-797354551) to make dependabot ignore NServiceBus updates in this repository. If it proves to be inefficient dependabot could be disabled as in [the following PR](https://github.com/Particular/NServiceBus.Serializers.CompatTests/pull/32)
```
